So we have these signing and turnout features.
The next thing I want to implement is this phone password.
And we already have the end point in the back end for our password in reset passports.
All we need to do is create a base here in the frontend and we already have the back end.
Good.
All right, so let's work on this one and then we pretty much is done with authentication and then we
can now focus more into the admin dashboard.
So we will restrict the pages for admin user and then we will allow the admin needed to create categories,
quick push and do all those things.
All right, so let's work on this problem classroom.
Now, before we try, let's go to the finished application and let's see how everything works here.
All right, so here we have the sign up bays.
Sign in bays.
And in our sign in, if the following the password, then they can click here and that will take them
to a different face for the password.
And here we are showing them this form where they can enter the email, right?
So the way it's going to work is for example my email is and Zimmerman dot com and if I forgot my password
then I will come on this piece and intimate email to Ryan
and G.M. dot com I will enter my email and submit so when you submit what happens is this email is sent
to our back end, right?
And the back end will try to find the user.
And based on this email from the database and if the user is found with this email, then we will get
a successful response here.
And that time we will also the back in our back end will send a code, salt code to this use this email.
All right.
So if the user is fun, then we will generate the code.
We will save that in the database as well.
And we also email that to the user's email.
All right.
So if this is a genuine user, then obviously I would be able to access material dot com and see that
code.
Right.
So and I see that code, I will be able to enter that code here.
So as soon as a hit submit our back end will generate that code, saving the database, send the email
to this user and send a successful response here.
So if we get a successful response, we will show under the input field where a user can enter that
code, which they will receive in the email, and then they will enter the new password as so said that
time.
So, you know, that's the first step.
Second step is the code and the new password that they want to use because the for the old one.
Right.
So they will enter the code in the new password and then again they will hit submit.
So at that time we will take.
We will try to find the user again based on the email and also the court.
Right.
So we have served the court as well.
So if we can find the email, the user base on the email and also with the court, then that is the
right use.
And we just did that dude's password, the previous password with the new one, they just submit.
So that's how we going forward and we should password both in the same same base and component here.
We're going to do it.
All right.
That's a bit of theory.
Now we can go ahead and implement this one.
Now, this is not a valid email, so let let me try.
User is not fancied.
This user is not fun.
So you can try the valid email and it works, but let's go ahead and just work in our application here
anyways.
All right.
So first thing we need to do is create displays with the input field where they can enter the email
and then that's how we are going to start implementing the password.